Error handling in Express refers to the process of managing errors that occur during the execution of a request. 
When an error occurs in a route or middleware, Express provides mechanisms to catch these errors and prevent the application from crashing. 
Error-handling middleware allows developers to:

Log errors for debugging.
Send structured error responses to users.
Maintain application stability even when issues arise.

Error Detection: Automatically detects issues, such as bad requests or server failures.
Error-Handling Middleware: Uses special middleware to catch and process errors in a structured way.
Passing Errors: Errors in routes are passed to the middleware using next(err).
Logging: Errors are logged to help developers quickly identify and resolve issues.
User-Friendly Responses: Express sends clear, non-technical messages to users instead of showing stack traces.

Types of Error Handling in Express:
1. Default Error Handler
    Express has a built-in error handler that catches any errors that are not handled. 
    If you don't create your own error handler,
    Express will automatically send a simple "500 Internal Server Error" response.
2. Custom Error-Handling Middleware
    Instead of relying on the built-in error handler, you can create a custom error middleware.
    This lets you log errors and send user-friendly responses
    eg:
        const express = require("express");
        const app = express();

        app.get("/", (req, res) => {
            throw new Error("Something broke!");
        });

        // Custom error-handling middleware
        app.use((err, req, res, next) => {
            console.log(err);
            res.status(500).json({ message: "Oops! Something went wrong." });
        });

        app.listen(3000, () => {
            console.log("Server running on port 3000");
        });

app.use((err, req, res, next)): This middleware runs only if an error occurs in a route.
It catches the error, logs it, and sends a structured JSON response to the client.
The err object contains the error details, while the req and res objects are used for handling the request and response.