Middleware in Node.js (most prominently used within frameworks like Express.js)
refers to a series of functions that execute sequentially during the request-response cycle

In Express.js, middleware functions are functions that have access to the request object (req),
 the response object (res), and the next middleware function in the application’s request-response
  cycle. They act as a pipeline, processing incoming requests sequentially before they reach your final route handlers.



Every middleware function can perform the following distinct tasks:
Execute any custom code.
Modify the req and res objects.
End the request-response cycle (e.g., sending a response using res.send()).
Call the next middleware function in the stack using next().


Note: If a middleware does not end the cycle, it must call next(). 
Otherwise, the request will hang indefinitely.

The 5 Types of Express Middleware:

1. Application-level Middleware
    Binds directly to the application instance using app.use() or app.METHOD().
    It runs for every incoming request globally across the entire app

    eg:
        const express = require('express');
        const app = express();

        app.use((req, res, next) => {
            console.log('Global middleware executed');
            next();
        });

2. Router-level Middleware
    Works exactly like application-level middleware, but it is bound to an instance of express.Router(). 
    This allows you to restrict code execution to specific groups of routes (e.g., an /api/v1 group)

    eg:
        const router = express.Router();
        router.use('/user/:id', (req, res, next) => {
            console.log('Request URL:', req.originalUrl);
            next();
        });

3. Built-in Middleware
    Express includes built-in functions to handle
    common server tasks natively without external installations.
    Examples include:
        express.json(): Parses incoming requests with JSON payloads.
        express.urlencoded(): Parses incoming requests with URL-encoded payloads.
        express.static(): Serves static assets like images, HTML, and CSS files.
        eg:
            app.use(express.json());
            app.use(express.static('public'));

4. Third-party Middleware
    Used to add functionality via external npm packages. 
    You can find popular options detailed in the Express Middleware Resource List.  
        morgan: Used for HTTP request logging.
        cors: Enables cross-origin resource sharing.
        cookie-parser: Parses cookie headers.
        eg:
            const morgan = require('morgan');
            app.use(morgan('tiny')); 

5. Error-handling Middleware
    Takes four arguments instead of three: (err, req, res, next).
    It is specifically positioned at the very bottom of your middleware 
    stack to catch any exceptions thrown during runtime.
        eg:
            app.use((err, req, res, next) => {
                console.error(err.stack);
                res.status(500).send('Something went wrong!');
            });

Execution Order & Chaining:
Express processes middleware sequentially in the exact order they are defined in your file


form validation:
        when we data in the form , the browser and/or the web server will
        check to see that data is correct format and within constraints set by the application
            two types:
                1) client side validation: valiadated by frontend before sending to backend
                2) server side validation: validation based on data stored in DB